It seems that we have to prepare the selection sequence for the next game again.
Brother, what's wrong with you? Don't learn to talk.
I don’t know what to say to you, I’m convinced by you now.
Any questions? Words are the hardest,
What you want to challenge once is a contemporary thing.
Don’t want to press the word? If you don’t choose, choose one without taking a test.
This lady is giving you a chance. If you choose not to take the exam,
Just give me a good beating.
Just kidding, what would you do if you were beaten to death?
This character is indeed that of a military commander’s daughter.
One bite, one bite
Take a bite
This lady has seen it all
What on earth do you have the ability to choose?
What the hell?
What a lady says
If it weren't for the lady's distinguished status,
Ordinary speech
If you didn't choose to take a bite
This is immobile and has no chance to be closed.
The person who talks about things calls the voice
The voice should be called the voice
You can't even tell the beauty of your words
Also choose a bite
Wonderful, I can continue
Then what do you say?
When will this lady bully others?
Wait until you finish changing
Direct method with refrigerator
I'm afraid the girl won't have this chance.
This wave of resurgence
The answer will actually come to me, Master Meng
Be prepared for the price